# DriverPass-System-Design-and-Client-Presentation

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The project was designing a website that provides online classes, practice tests, and on-the-road training for students to help them pass their driving test. The client was the DriverPass company. The type of system they wanted was a web-based system that can be accessed online from any internet-connected computer or mobile device. The system would include online classes, a reservation system for students and staff to book appointments, and a way to manage accounts to provide different functionality for DriverPass staff and students.

# What did you do particularly well?
I think I did a particularly good job with the security aspects of the system, like considering all the usual ways that passwords are protected on most websites. I also emphasized that different account types need to be created so that student, admin, secretary, and owner users would have different privileges and roles. I addressed security protocols that are used to transmit data like HTTPS and also considered physical security too like maintaining backups, keeping servers in a locked room with an alarm system and only specific staff having access to the room with key cards.

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would include the DMV system more in all of the diagrams. Other than including them in the UML Use Case Diagram, I didn't address a lot of how policy updates from the DMV would be included in the system. I would add that in the Business Requirements document and specify whether it would be a manual process of DriverPass staff checking the DMV website for updates, which would be faster to implement but not as ideal in the long run, or an automatic process where there is some sort of webscraper that can automatically detect and scrape the information from the DMV website whenever updates happen.  

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I thought about a lot of the websites I've used before that used the same things DriverPass would use, like a reservation system, login and account system, and payment system, and tried to incorporate good practices that I've personally experienced into DriverPass. I also included the client's wants into the system like having different categories of services to offer the customer. It's very important to consider the user's needs because they are the ones that will be paying for the service and making sure they have a good experience and want to continue using DriverPass is what keeps DriverPass as a company going.

# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
First I think about my own experiences using similar software and try to include the good examples in my design. Then I can use both process and object oriented techniques to design the system. I would probably start with process oriented techniques to get an overview of how everything should work, and create UML Use Case Diagrams and UML Process Diagrams first. I would then get more specific about the implementation details once I understood how each process should work and move on to creating UML Sequence Diagrams to define how each component of the system communicates and works with each other, then finally UML Class Diagrams to plan out what classes I want to have in the code and how they will interact with each other.
